The Plan: super-octo-broccoli is Project #1 of three in our SMU bootcamp course. The plan was to use a scraper API that would pull from Newegg, Google Analytics, and Amazon to dynamically generate product information side-by-side so that a user can easily compare computer parts before their purchase. The website would feature a functioning nav bar, hero, footer, and three columns: the product information, Item 1, and Item 2.

The Process: The first step taken toward creating our website was to construct the "skeleton" so that it could be easily worked with. This included the creation of a develop branch that everyone could pull from. From there, the HTML was set up such that it would be a simple task to use our new CSS Framework "Bulma" to style the page and improve functionality. As is best practice, interactive HTML elements were given IDs and special CSS classes so that they could be easily manipulated for the next step of the project. The website was made to be mobile responsive. Once the skeleton was in place and everything was properly added, committed, pushed and merged, our progressed stopped for a while. 

  In order to fulfill the requirements of the project and receive a complete grade, a fake API was presented to use in place of a scraper API. This fake API was not hosted anywhere, and as such could not be used properly. The solution became to convert the JSON file into a JS file and set its contents to a variable that could be referred to in a separate JS file that contained the JS logic responsible for the website's basic functionality. This method unfortunately did not play nice with what we had and prsented a wide range of roadblocks, so the final improvement made to the page was the consolidation of each dropdown button above Item 1 and Item 2 columns into fake API driven drop down menus.

The Product: The website features a fully functional nav bar and semi-functional hero. The hero does not properly resize to mobile screens. The columns are mobile responsive and feature a dropdown menu that dynamically generates options and selects them. These options are the result of javascript that creates span elements and appends them to the button's drop down class when the button is hovered over. This allows users to select from a list of six GPUs pulled straight from the unhosted fake API I was given. Due to roadblocks presented by the workaround required to get the fake API working, the selection made by the user does not replace the lorem text below the product image or replace the image with the product's image. The footer works as intended, connected to the nav bar's "more" button.

Greatest Challenges: By far the greatest challenge of this project was the lack of collaboration. My job was to create a website that could be easily styled and manipulated to use APIs. Upon reaching this goal, I should have been more aggressive in generating progress. I should have seeked assistance from my superiors more quickly so that I could at least present a working product.
